

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8">
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">

</head>
<body>
<h1>File Reader and Writer</h1>

<p>This project consists of classes for reading and writing files in various formats (.stl and .obj) and performing conversions between them.</p>

<h2>Project Structure</h2>

<p>The project is organized into the following directories:</p>
<ul>
<li><code>headers</code>: Contains header files for the classes.</li>
<li><code>resources</code>: Contains input files for reading (.stl and .obj).</li>
<li><code>output</code>: Contains output files generated by the program.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Classes</h2>

<h3>FileReader</h3>

<p>The <code>FileReader</code> class is responsible for reading files in .stl and .obj formats. It provides the following functions:</p>
<ul>
<li><code>stlReader(const std::string&amp; fileNamePath)</code>: Reads an .stl file and returns a <code>Triangulations</code> object.</li>
<li><code>objReader(const std::string&amp; fileNamePath)</code>: Reads an .obj file and returns a <code>Triangulations</code> object.</li>
</ul>

<h3>FileWriter</h3>

<p>The <code>FileWriter</code> class handles writing files in .stl and .obj formats, as well as performing conversions between them. It offers the following functions:</p>
<ul>
<li><code>objWrite(const std::string&amp; fileNamePath, Triangulations &amp;triangulation)</code>: Writes a <code>Triangulations</code> object to an .obj file.</li>
<li><code>stlWrite(const std::string&amp; fileNamePath, Triangulations &amp;triangulation)</code>: Writes a <code>Triangulations</code> object to an .stl file.</li>
<li><code>stlToObj(const std::string&amp; fileNamePath, Triangulations &amp;triangulation)</code>: Converts an .stl file to an .obj file.</li>
<li><code>objToStl(const std::string&amp; fileNamePath, Triangulations &amp;triangulation)</code>: Converts an .obj file to an .stl file.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Points</h3>

<p>The <code>Points</code> class represents coordinates for each point in 3D space. It includes functions for accessing X, Y, and Z coordinates.</p>

<h3>Triangle</h3>

<p>The <code>Triangle</code> class represents a triangle defined by three indices corresponding to points. It provides functions for accessing these indices and modifying them.</p>

<h3>Triangulations</h3>

<p>The <code>Triangulations</code> class stores a collection of unique points and triangles. It includes functions for accessing these collections.</p>

</body>
</html>

